What a nightmare, things like that are just roaming around and us.
We think we're being spiritual. Hey man, I'm just gonna get on my board.
I'm just gonna get on my board. Be monster food.
No, I put my foot in then back.
Out. I'm such a. When it comes to the ocean, I was in Hawaii.
We win the snorkeling dive of the water and you're staring down and it cool.
We were by this reef. And,
but all I was thinking is I just need see one of these and I'm never getting in
this water again. <laugh> one of those.
I kinda wanna do that now. I couldn't,
I was too heavy before I was passed a weight limit that you could go do some
diving how'd you? And I would always tell myself I didn't wanna do it,
but now I wanna do.
It. Yeah. Can tell yourself a lot of things, right? Mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah.
Mitch, a joke about a writing that, uh,
when he gets a funny idea, he writes things down or he,
if he's lazy, he.
Not that funny.
How did you lose the weight?
Um, I really just changed my, I got a trainer that was a big part of it.
I just changed my diet and, um, started exercising bunch,
but from a guy who didn't exercise at all and ate multiple filly cheese steaks a
day to a guy who eats a bunch of boneless, skinless chicken breasts,
and protein shakes. And now I work out like six time times a day. Wow. Yeah.
Just seemed like I was gonna die if I didn't.
So, so what do you do for working out these days?
Uh, you know, a lot of weight lifting, lot of, um, oh, see the day, you know,
just lot back, a little, little biceps and you know, one arm rolls and,
and whatnot. Just general weightlift.
So, but you're you lot. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you, um,
do you find it has a, uh, an effect on your mood on how you feel? Oh,
absolutely. How do you,
how much better do you feel and how much do you attribute it to, uh,
the working out the losing weight or both of them together?
It's a combination. Definitely the, um, the diet and, and just feeling better
wise is, is, is very helpful. Um, but you know,
just doing two shows a night now, you know, that used to be a thing for me.
I used to be like really tired afterwards. Mm. And now it's, you know,
no problem. I, I do a lot of, um, voiceovers and,
and other little things. And so, you know,
I'm always bouncing around from going,
like he shows the weekend and coming home and then having to go do voiceover on
Monday morning and taking care of my son and helping him with his homework and
just being able to do that and not being like, oh, I'm just,
I gotta go pass out. I'm tired. You know, that's really the,
the biggest deal being able to take on more. So then I'm able to, um,
make more money.
So I was, uh, carrying my, her around on my shoulders the other day.
She likes to get carried around she's 63 pounds. And, uh,
while she's on my shoulders, uh, after, you know, 40 minutes or so of that,
like, it's rough. Mm-hmm, <affirmative> like,
it starts really hurting your neck, start getting really tired.
And I had to put her down and, uh, I was thinking like, how crazy is that?
That there's a lot of people that just carry that much extra around with them
all the time.
They're always carrying around an extra 60 pounds and you don't think it's that
much of a deal until you don't have it. And then you walk with it. Yeah.
You know, and you realize like, and it's just, even if it's not that, like,
when a kid's sitting on your neck,
it's not like the ideal place to carry all the weight. They actually make a, um,
a thing. There's a company called the outdoorsman.
They make a thing called the Atlas pack. It's like a backpack frame.
But the back of it is like one of those weightlifting posts.
So you could slide an Olympic, uh, barbell or a Olympic plate on,
and two plates. You, you put as much as 90 pounds on it, clamp this thing down,
and then it's sitting more on your hips. It's way easier to carry.
But even that still it's Fu it's sucks, man.
Walking around with just 45 extra pounds on your back. Sucks. Yeah.
Just getting, you know, just being like my mid thirties and being like, oh my,
my knees are, I didn't, I never played football. I never did anything like that.
My knee shouldn't be hurting and right. And just knowing,
I think I had to just change a, just change my mindset about like before,
when I was just doing standup to do it and didn't think I was gonna be
successful. It didn't matter. I was just like, I'm just living for today.
Gimme free pizza, gimme whatever. And then it was like,
once this thing started changing a little bit, I was like, oh,
I'm things are happening. I still don't even really know what I'm doing. Let me,
if I give myself a better chance and take care of my health,
take care of my body. Um, let me see how far I can push these gifts,
push these skills, you know,
mm-hmm <affirmative> and it became more about not wanting to waste opportunity.
That's very cool. That's cool. I like that.
So your love of standup made you sort of
concentrate even more on your own body. Yeah. Isn't that crazy? Yeah.
Like not your love of yourself, not your love of your body. Like of course,
like this is, you have to go through number what you do in your life.
You're going through it with your body, but it was your love of standup.
Then you like, God, I gotta do something about this body. Yeah. That crazy.
Yeah.
Love of standup. Love my son and love of fashion. And I didn't, you know,
when you get to certain size, all your shirts got dogs on 'em and you know,
<laugh>, I don't want that anymore.
Yeah. Yeah. It gets like you get into that triple XL,
like I'm happy whenever anybody does anything that, uh,
that benefits their health, whether it's, uh, for whatever your motivation,
the end result is always good. It's always good. No matter what,
motivation's positive or negative, if you wanna prove somebody wrong, you know,
or you just wanna do just do better, just have a better path, you know?
So it's, so it's so attainable for so many people.
So many people could at least be way healthier,
at least have way more energy at least like understand, like,
not that feeling of just being like, Ugh, all day. And every time I cheat,
like, uh, with burgers and fries and, and, and like milkshakes and like that.
If I really go off the deep end with my diet, I feel like dog,
I feel terrible. Mm-hmm <affirmative> it hits me. I'm like, oh,
and then you gotta realize, Hey man,
this is how a lot of people feel all the time.
Yeah. That's the big deal for me. Same thing.
Just going off eight half a burger and,
and was feeling so sick. And then I was like, man, I used to live like this,
every meal. Yeah. And, and my body, you know, is just a, you know,
Testament of what your body's capable to adapt to, you know,
mm-hmm <affirmative>, but a,
once you start going the other way and start really getting healthy,
you really in your body becomes more sensitive to it. And you really are like,
oh, I prefer not to cheat, you know? Yeah.
You still gotta have that balance. You gotta have fun.
There's nothing wrong with an ice cream or something like that every now and
again, or some sort of a dessert, but really it's, they,
they just think that your body has to be accustomed to getting what it needs.
That's what it is. And for too many people,
they're running on a nutrition deficit.
So when your body's just not getting what it needs for long periods of time,
then you develop chronic inflammation and all sorts of other problems.
And this is what people are really suffering from. You know, there's,
they're suffering from a nutritional deficiency.
That's probably lasted for years. They probably never, they, they, you know,
some people, they just, they go 10, 15,
20 years without even thinking about their diet. They're just eating dog.
You're just eating stuff that doesn't have enough nutrients and your body just
starts to get weaker. There's no way around it. And if you just, ah,
just turn that, start eating salads, eating, uh, healthy and,
and, and you know, some healthy meat and just take some vitamins,
just take some vitamin supplements, real simple, you know,
it's not just get yourself some multivitamins,
get yourself like a little thing of athletic greens or something like get,
get your health online. And once you do, you'd be like, oh,
I feel so much better. I feel, so this is all I had to do.
And I'm this person now. Yeah.
Mentally so much better, much clearer, much happier.
Much happier. It's so hard though. Cuz we, we love mouth pleasure like mm.
You know,
but to the point where people are poisoning their bodies to get mouth pleasure.
Yeah. And.
It's just, you know, constantly pushed in your face. Every, he always knows.
We talk about all the time, you know, cheeseburgers, 50 cents salad like five,
$6, you know, is you have to make that effort.
You have to be able wanna cook at home and it's not, it's not made easy. And,
and that's what I think. Um, we become as a society,
less cool and less, um, appreciative of effort,
you know?
Yeah. But there's also,
there's something really annoying about people that want you to eat healthy.
Yeah.
<Laugh> that too. Oh, get off your.
High horse. Get the outta here.
If you're sitting there and you're having a burger and fries and enjoying the
out of it and some next to you's got kale with shaved pecans and <laugh>
talking about your diet while they're pouring fresh olive oil on top of their
salad, <laugh> come on, man. Leave me alone. You know,
leave me alone. Why enjoy something gross? Yeah.
Taste D but I think as long as the,
the majority of your diet is really healthy, then you can get in those off days.
It doesn't matter. Your body will bounce back. Mm-hmm <affirmative> just,
don't don't put it in a deficit.